Feature: quick CLIs (#390)
dnouri/skorch: docs/user/helper.rst

       --net__module__hidden_units : int (default=10)
         Number of units in hidden layers.
       --net__module__num_hidden : int (default=1)
         Number of hidden layers.
       --net__module__nonlin : torch.nn.Module instance (default=torch.nn.ReLU())
         Non-linearity to apply after hidden layers.
       --net__module__dropout : float (default=0)
         Dropout rate. Dropout is applied between layers.

Installation
^^^^^^^^^^^^

To use this functionaliy, you need some further libraries that are not
part of skorch, namely fire_ and numpydoc_. You can install them
thusly:

.. code:: bash

    pip install fire numpydoc

Usage
^^^^^

When you write your own script, only the following bits need to be
added:

.. code:: python

    import fire
    from skorch.helper import parse_args

    # your model definition and data fetching code below
    ...

    def main(**kwargs):
        X, y = get_data()
        my_model = get_model()

        # important: wrap the model with the parsed arguments
        parsed = parse_args(kwargs)
        my_model = parsed(my_model)

        my_model.fit(X, y)

    if __name__ == '__main__':
        fire.Fire(main)

> This even works if your neural net is part of an sklearn pipeline, in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This even works if your neural net is part of a sklearn pipeline, in
```

Author: I pronounce it "ess-kay-learn", therefore I would use "an". Or do most people "translate" it to "scy-kit-learn"?

which case the help extends to all other estimators of your pipeline.

Restrictions
^^^^^^^^^^^^

Almost all arguments should work out of the box. Therefore, you get
command line arguments for the number of epochs, learning rate, batch

> size, etc. for free. Morevoer, you can access the module paremeters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
size, etc. for free. Moreover, you can access the module parameters
```
